README.md, before:

#globe-node
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/makepanic/globe-node.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/makepanic/globe-node)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/makepanic/globe-node.svg)](https://david-dm.org/makepanic/globe-node)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/makepanic/globe-node.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/makepanic/globe-node)

Node.js application to explore and use the Tor onionoo API.

Latest version is available on [globe-node.herokuapp.com](https://globe-node.herokuapp.com/).

##CLI

`app.js` has some argument values that allow you to modify the behavior of the server.
See `node app.js --help` for more information.

__nosync__ (`-n` or `--nosync`)

*default is `false`*

Disables clearing the database and reloading the onionoo dump.

__dev__ (`-d` or `--dev`)

*default is `false`*

If true, enables some development features like livereload.

__port__ (`-p 3000` or `--port 3000`)

*default is `3000`*

Sets the port where the application server should listen for requests

__database url__ (`-db mongodb://localhost:27017/onionoo` or `--dburl mongodb://localhost:27017/onionoo`)

*default is `mongodb://localhost:27017/onionoo`* 

Sets the mongodb database url.

##Grunt

__default__ (`grunt`)

- runs tests, linting and generates coverage

__dev__ (`grunt dev`)

like `default`

- tests using [`dot` reporter](https://visionmedia.github.io/mocha/#dot-matrix-reporter)
- watches for code changes and reruns linting, tests and uses livereload to refresh the browser

__test__ (`grunt test`)

like `default`

- tests using [TAP](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test_Anything_Protocol) reporter

__test (no database)__ (`grunt test-no-db`)

like `test`

- skips test tagged with `@db`

Commit message:

fixed group sort added tests fixed database reload added group by family, contact added filter by os, tor version added display os, tor version added parse platform string added bunyan logging removed grunt added gulp build pipeline refactored group to use aggregation framework

README.md, after:

#globe-node
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/makepanic/globe-node.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/makepanic/globe-node)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/makepanic/globe-node.svg)](https://david-dm.org/makepanic/globe-node)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/makepanic/globe-node.png)](https://codeclimate.com/github/makepanic/globe-node)

Node.js application to explore and use the Tor onionoo API.

Latest version is available on [globe-node.herokuapp.com](https://globe-node.herokuapp.com/).

##CLI

`app.js` has some argument values that allow you to modify the behavior of the server.
See `node app.js --help` for more information.

__nosync__ (`-n` or `--nosync`)

*default is `false`*

Disables clearing the database and reloading the onionoo dump.

__dev__ (`-d` or `--dev`)

*default is `false`*

If true, enables some development features like livereload.

__port__ (`-p 3000` or `--port 3000`)

*default is `3000`*

Sets the port where the application server should listen for requests

__database url__ (`-db mongodb://localhost:27017/onionoo` or `--dburl mongodb://localhost:27017/onionoo`)

*default is `mongodb://localhost:27017/onionoo`*

Sets the mongodb database url.

##Gulp

Gulp is used as the build system for globe. It builds all static assets (compress, concat, ...) and runs some tests.

__default__ (`gulp`)

- run tests, lint code, generate code coverage
- build all assets

__dev__ (`gulp dev`)

- watch for code changes and rerun:
- build all assets

__test__ (`gulp test`, `gulp test-no-db`)

- run tests, lint code, generate code coverage
- `test-no-db` won't run tests that are tagged with `@db` (useful if you don't have `mongod` running)
